Modify S5131(Multiple Languages): Education Framework (#976)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5131/threats.adoc

==== Scenario 1: Risk of vandalism on the front-end website

The malicious link defaces the target web application from the perspective of
the user who is the victim. This may result in loss of integrity and theft of
the benevolent user's data.

==== Scenario 2: Identity spoofing risk.

> The malicious link injects malicious code into the web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The forged link injects malicious code into the web application.
```

The code enables identity spoofing thanks to cookie theft.

> ==== Scenario 3: High severity risks.
> Depending on the code base affected, cross-site scripting vulnerabilities can
> have fatal consequences for the underlying enterprise. +
> In cases where the malicious link injects malicious code into the web
> application, the payloads can:
> 
> * enable the theft of locally stored information through various techniques (e.g., keylogging)
> * exploit other known vulnerabilities or weaknesses in the code base, such as cross-site request forgeries.
> 
> :bugbountyxss: //portswigger.net/daily-swig/facebook-pays-out-25k-bug-bounty-for-chained-dom-based-xss 
> 
> XSS are regularly exploited by bug hunters and attackers and coupled with other
> bugs to maximize their impact (see {bugbountyxss}[Chained DOM-based XSS] example).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Record user activity

The forged link injects malicious code into the web application. In order to leak confidential information, the code can record keyboard activity and even request access to other hardware such as the camera or the microphone.

 ==== Chaining XSS with other vulnerabilities
 
In many cases, bug hunters and attackers chain cross-site Scripting vulnerabilities with other
bugs to maximize their impact. XSS is then used as a first step in exploiting more dangerous vulnerabilities or features that require higher privileges, such as a code injection vulnerability in the admin control panel of a web application.
```

Author: Here is a Grammarly change:

```suggestion
==== Record user activity
The forged link injects malicious code into the web application. To leak confidential information, attackers can inject code that records keyboard activity (keylogger) and even requests access to other devices, such as the camera or microphone.

 ==== Chaining XSS with other vulnerabilities 
In many cases, bug hunters and attackers chain cross-site scripting vulnerabilities with other vulnerabilities to maximize their impact. For example, an XSS can be used as the first step to exploit more dangerous vulnerabilities or features that require higher privileges, such as a code injection vulnerability in the admin control panel of a web application.
```
